If the Navy, uh, sailor has a sick family member, there is a process called
a humanitarian, uh, orders. And what happens is that the member
is allowed Thio go to that family member, for example, if a member
is living in Oklahoma, but their home, a record and their parents is
here in San Jose, they will be authorized to transfer here household
goods and everything and live with here with their parents and take
care of their parents on a humanitarian set of orders for one year.
After one year, the orders are completed, and then they are reevaluated,
and then they go back to the fleet or back to wherever they
were in the beginning. But if a family member is sick, there is a set
of humanitarian orders to take care of that family member. The Navy
authorizes that he